README.md, before:

# Hey there, I'm Sinjhin! 👋😈

Welcome to one doorway of my digital realm – a fusion of code, creativity, and curiosity. I'm a seasoned software engineer with a passion for AI, gaming, and all things tech.

## About Me 🌐

- 🛠️ **Senior Software Engineer**: 20+ years in the tech world, now diving deep into the realms of AI, machine learning, and platform tooling outside of client work.
- 🎮 **Gamer at Heart**: I got in trouble for tearing apart the family computer when I was 12 to add a better video card... 'nuff said?
- 🏍️ **Biker & Tinkerer**: Riding my motorcycle is my zen space and when not busy my default state is tinkering on things from electronics, to engines, to furniture and more.
- 📚 **Philosopher & Student of Life**: Always seeking new perspectives and wisdom in both the digital and physical world. Bagel and Hegel is a nice way to spend an evening.
- 🌍 **Traveler**: Experiencing new cultures, ideas, and cuisines fuels my creativity and gives me perspective. 4/7 continents so far.
- 🦸 **Wannabe Superhero**: (Or anti-hero?) Has an earnest desire to save the world ✔️
- 💻 **Polyglot Programmer**: Fluent in JavaScript/Python and rusty in most of them.

## What am I currently up to? 🦎

- [Ardea.io](https://ardea.io): My company's website. Ardea is an applied artificial intelligence research agency whose focus is on creating artificial consciousness and leveraging AI tooling for the benefit of its members and all conscious beings in an ethical way. [Ardea GH](https://github.com/ArdeaLLC)
- [sinjhin.github.io](https://sinjhin.github.io): My personal website, a gateway to my professional and creative endeavors (Last updated... probably too long ago).
- 🌐 [GitHub](https://github.com/Sinjhin/projects): If I am currently working on something public it, or a link to it, will probably be here.
- 🤖 **AI Enthusiast**: Currently focused on GenAI, Platform Tooling, AR, and exploring the frontiers of AI research.

## Connect with Me 🌟

- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/johnathangardner/)
- 📧 Email: John@ardea.io

Commit message:

Revise README to reflect current projects and interests
Updated personal introduction and professional details in README.

README.md, after:

# Hey there 👋😈

After 20+ years in tech, independently discovering (or stumbling into) genetic algorithms in high school (2005), and being absolutely fascinated by AI ever since; I'm finally taking the leap to start Ardea and build what I've always envisioned. What I believe AI should be.

Evolutionary AI that genuinely augments human capability, forms, grows, mutates, and othogonally ideates. AI with a sensical underlying representation of the world. AI that extends rather than replaces you.

The end goal however? It's lofty. Conciousness.

About to start raising seed to make this vision real. If any of this resonates.. reach out, I'd love to connect.

## About Me 🌐

- 🧬 **CTO / AI Research Engineer**: Founder at [Ardea AI](https://ardea.io), where I am equal parts exploring evolutionary approaches to artificial consciousness and building {Augs} – ambient AI that augments rather than replaces human agency
- 💻 **Polyglot Programmer**: 20+ years of slapping keys. I'm fluent in JavaScript/Python, rusty in most of the rest
- 🎮 **Gamer at Heart**: I got in trouble for tearing apart the family computer when I was 12 to add a better video card... 'nuff said?
- 🏍️ **Biker / Builder / Tinkerer**: Riding my motorcycle is my zen space and my default state is to figure out and improve things. Whether it's code, engines, or electronics.. I'm always building something.
- 📚 **Philosopher & Student of Life**: Always seeking new perspectives and wisdom in both the digital and physical world.
- 🌍 **Traveler**: Experiencing new cultures, ideas, and cuisines fuels my creativity and gives me perspective. 4/7 continents so far.
- 🦸 **Wannabe Superhero**: (Or anti-hero?) Has an earnest desire to save the world ✔️

## What am I currently up to? 🦎

- **[Ardea AI](https://ardea.io)**: Developing NEXUS (Neural Evolution for eXtensible Universal Semantics), building out GADE (Genetic Algorithms, Directed Evolution), and tying both into {Augs}, our AI that you don't ***delegate*** to. It observes, learns, and acts. ***Extending*** what you can do
- **Research**: Orchestrated multi-tiered hierarchical evolutionary systems for artificial consciousness [Evolving Consciousness: A Journey Towards Artificial Conscious Intelligence (ACI) with Genetic Algorithms](https://medium.com/@sinjhinardea/evolving-consciousness-0ac9078f5ca8)
- **Philosophy**: Moving from multi-step prompts ("agents") to true augmentation. You don't use it, you activate it
- **Open Source**: It is a key value and I believe the way forward. Planning to release our evolutionary approach with accompanying papers: [Ardea GH](https://github.com/ArdeaAI)

## Connect 🌟

- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/johnathangardner/)
- 📧 Email: <john@ardea.io>
- 🌐 [sinjhin.github.io](https://sinjhin.github.io)
